README.md, before:

# Virtuals Python SDK Library
The Virtuals Python SDK is a library that allows you interact with the Virtuals Platform.

## About G.A.M.E.
GAME is a modular agentic framework which enables an agent to plan actions and make decisions autonomously based on information provided to it.

Please refer to our [whitepaper](https://whitepaper.virtuals.io/developer-documents/game-framework) for more information and resources.

## About Virtuals Python SDK
Currently, this SDK allows you to develop your agents powered by the GAME architecture in its most fullest and most flexible form.

## Features
![New SDK visual](docs/imgs/new_sdk_visual.png)
- Develop your own custom agents for any application or platform. 
- Ability to control your agents and workers via descriptions (prompts)
- Full control of what the agent sees (state) and can do (actions/functions)
- Ability to fully customise functions. This could include various combinations of programmed logic. For example:
  - Calling an API to retrieve data
  - Calling an API to retrieve data, followed by custom calculations or data processing logic in python code
  - 2 API calls chained together (e.g. calling an API to retrieve web data, and then posting a tweet)

> ### ℹ️ Changes from older python SDK version (prior to 8 Jan 2025)
>![Old SDK visual](docs/imgs/old_sdk_visual.png)
> - Ability to fully customise functions (previously, each function was a single API call)
> - Ability to control the low-level planner via description prompt (previously, only the high-level planner and functions could be controlled via description prompts)
> - The description defined in the agent is equivalent to what was previously known as world information and agent description

## Installation
```bash
pip install virtuals_sdk
```

## Usage
Please refer to [`test_agent.py`](examples/game/test_agent.py) and [`test_worker.py`](examples/game/test_agent.py) for usage examples.

## How to Contribute
Contributions are welcome, especially in the form of new plugins! To contribute:
1. Create a new branch
2. Make your changes and commit them with a descriptive message.
3. Open a pull request for the Virtuals Protocol team to review.

## Documentation
Detailed documentation to better understand the configurable components and the GAME architecture can be found on [here](https://whitepaper.virtuals.io/developer-documents/game-framework).

## Useful Resources
- [TypeScript SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@virtuals-protocol/game): The core logic of this SDK mirrors the logic of this python SDK if you prefer to develop your agents in TypeScript.
- [Twitter Agent](./src/virtuals_sdk/twitter_agent/README.md): The Virtuals Platform offers a out-of-the-box hosted agent that can be used to interact with the Twitter/X platform, powered by GAME. This agent comes with existing functions/actions that can be used to interact with the Twitter/X platform and can be immediately hosted/deployed as you configure it. This is similar to configuring your agent in the [Agent Sandbox](https://game-lite.virtuals.io/) on the [Virtuals Platform](https://app.virtuals.io/) but through a developer-friendly SDK interface.

Commit message:

Add agent and worker descriptions to README

README.md, after:

# Virtuals Python SDK Library
The Virtuals Python SDK is a library that allows you interact with the Virtuals Platform.

## About G.A.M.E.
GAME is a modular agentic framework which enables an agent to plan actions and make decisions autonomously based on information provided to it.

Please refer to our [whitepaper](https://whitepaper.virtuals.io/developer-documents/game-framework) for more information and resources.

## About Virtuals Python SDK
Currently, this SDK allows you to develop your agents powered by the GAME architecture in its most fullest and most flexible form.

![New SDK visual](docs/imgs/new_sdk_visual.png)
The python SDK is made up of 3 main components (Agent, Worker, function), each with configurable arguments.

Agent (a.k.a. [high level planner](https://whitepaper.virtuals.io/developer-documents/game-framework/game-overview#high-level-planner-hlp-context))
- Takes in a <b>Goal</b>
  - Drives the agents behaviour through the high level plan which influences the thinking and creation of tasks that would contribute towards this goal
- Takes in a <b>Description</b>
  - Combination of what was previously known as World Info + Agent Description
  - This include a description of the "world" the agent lives in, and the personality and background of the agent

Worker (a.k.a. [low-level planner](https://whitepaper.virtuals.io/developer-documents/game-framework/game-overview#low-level-planner-llp-context)) 
- Takes in a <b>Description</b>
  - Used to control which workers are called by the agent, based on the high-level plan and tasks created to contribute to the goal

Function
- Takes in a <b>Description</b>
  - Used to control which functions are called by the workers, based on each worker's low-level plan
  - This can be any python executable

## Features
- Develop your own custom agents for any application or platform. 
- Ability to control your agents and workers via descriptions (prompts)
- Full control of what the agent sees (state) and can do (actions/functions)
- Ability to fully customise functions. This could include various combinations of programmed logic. For example:
  - Calling an API to retrieve data
  - Calling an API to retrieve data, followed by custom calculations or data processing logic in python code
  - 2 API calls chained together (e.g. calling an API to retrieve web data, and then posting a tweet)

> ### ℹ️ Changes from older python SDK version (prior to 8 Jan 2025)
>![Old SDK visual](docs/imgs/old_sdk_visual.png)
> - Ability to fully customise functions (previously, each function was a single API call)
> - Ability to control the low-level planner via description prompt (previously, only the high-level planner and functions could be controlled via description prompts)
> - The description defined in the agent is equivalent to what was previously known as world information and agent description

## Installation
```bash
pip install virtuals_sdk
```

## Usage
Please refer to [`test_agent.py`](examples/game/test_agent.py) and [`test_worker.py`](examples/game/test_agent.py) for usage examples.

## How to Contribute
Contributions are welcome, especially in the form of new plugins! We are working on creating a plugins repo, but in meantime - please contact us via [Twitter](https://x.com/GAME_Virtuals) or [Telegram](https://t.me/virtuaIs_io).

## Documentation
Detailed documentation to better understand the configurable components and the GAME architecture can be found on [here](https://whitepaper.virtuals.io/developer-documents/game-framework).

## Useful Resources
- [TypeScript SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@virtuals-protocol/game): The core logic of this SDK mirrors the logic of this python SDK if you prefer to develop your agents in TypeScript.
- [Twitter Agent](./src/virtuals_sdk/twitter_agent/README.md): The Virtuals Platform offers a out-of-the-box hosted agent that can be used to interact with the Twitter/X platform, powered by GAME. This agent comes with existing functions/actions that can be used to interact with the Twitter/X platform and can be immediately hosted/deployed as you configure it. This is similar to configuring your agent in the [Agent Sandbox](https://game-lite.virtuals.io/) on the [Virtuals Platform](https://app.virtuals.io/) but through a developer-friendly SDK interface.
